Filter calculation tools (#176)
qua-platform/py-qua-tools: CHANGELOG.md

- octave_tools - Added `get_correction_for_each_LO_and_IF` get the correction matrix elements for a set of intermediate frequencies picked equally spaced in a given list in order to update the correction matrix while performing the IF sweep in QUA.
- digital_filters - Added a set of functions allowing the derivation the digital filter taps used to correct specific distortions:
  - ``low_pass_exponential``: Exponential decay defined as `1 + A * exp(-t/tau)`.
  - ``high_pass_exponential``: Exponential decay defined as `np.exp(-x / t)`.
  - ``single_exponential_correction``:  Calculate the best FIR and IIR filter taps to correct for an exponential decay (LPF) of the shape
    `1 + A * exp(-t/tau)`.
  - ``highpass_correction``: Calculate the best FIR and IIR filter taps to correct for a highpass decay (HPF) of the shape `exp(-t/tau)`.
  - ``bounce_and_delay_correction``: Calculate the FIR filter taps to correct for reflections (bounce corrections) and to add a delay.
  - ``calc_filter_taps``: Calculate the best FIR and IIR filter taps for a system with any combination of FIR corrections, exponential

>     corrections (LPF), high pass compensation, reflections (bounce corrections) and a needed delay on the line.

Reviewer: good point, I fixed it!

- octave_tools - Added `get_calibration_parameters_from_db` get the most up-to-date correction parameters in the calibration database for the specified values of the Octave LO frequency, intermediate frequency and Octave gain.
- octave_tools - Added `set_correction_parameters_to_opx` set the most up-to-date correction parameters from the calibration database for the specified values of the Octave LO frequency, intermediate frequency and Octave gain.
- octave_tools - Added `get_correction_for_each_LO_and_IF` get the correction matrix elements for a set of intermediate frequencies picked equally spaced in a given list in order to update the correction matrix while performing the IF sweep in QUA.

> - digital_filters - Added a set of functions allowing the derivation the digital filter taps used to correct specific distortions.

Author: ```suggestion
- digital_filters - Added library of functions allowing the derivation of the digital filter taps to correct distortions.
```

Reviewer: done
